supported client versions (#243)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/prerequisites/prerequisites.adoc

* Note that you cannot access the same files in CephFS and Ceph-S3. Ceph allows exposing commodity hardware as either blockstorage (RBD), S3 or CephFS. It is not possible to write a file via S3 and then read it via CephFS.
====

== Compatible Clients

> The mobile clients and the desktop client work just like with ownCloud server when connected to Infinite Scale if used in their current versions. This means that users can access and synchronize their home folder and recieved shares, but not spaces:

Author: ```suggestion
The mobile clients and the desktop client work just like with ownCloud server when connected to Infinite Scale if used in their current versions. This means that users can access and synchronize their home folder and received shares, but spaces are not available. Supported versions are:
```

> The mobile clients and the desktop client work just like with ownCloud server when connected to Infinite Scale if used in their current versions:
> 
> * Desktop app version 2.11
> * iOS app version 11.10
> * Android app version 2.21
> 
> At the moment, only the new ownCloud Web interface offers spaces. These will work with the upcoming client versions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mobile clients and the desktop client work just like with ownCloud server when connected to Infinite Scale if used in their current versions. This means that users can access and synchronize their home folder and recieved shares, but not spaces:

* Desktop app version 2.11
* iOS app version 11.10
* Android app version 2.21

At the moment, only the new ownCloud Web interface offers spaces. Spaces will be available in the following upcoming client versions:
```

Reviewer: I precised the text what the impact of the limitations are so readers get a better impression about.

Reviewer 2: "recieved" => "received"

* Desktop app 3.0
* iOS app 12.0

> Pre-release versions for https://github.com/owncloud/client/releases?q=v3.&expanded=true[Desktop] and https://owncloud.com/beta-testing/#ios[iOS] are already available for testing.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Pre-release versions for https://owncloud.com/beta-testing/#desktop-beta[Desktop] and https://owncloud.com/beta-testing/#ios[iOS] are already available for testing.
```

Website got updated

* Note that you cannot access the same files in CephFS and Ceph-S3. Ceph allows exposing commodity hardware as either blockstorage (RBD), S3 or CephFS. It is not possible to write a file via S3 and then read it via CephFS.
====

== Compatible Clients

> At the time of release, users will be able to enjoy the spaces feature of Infinite Scale only with ownCloud Web, but of course, the existing mobile clients and the desktop client will work just like with ownCloud server when connected to Infinite Scale if used in their most recent versions:

Reviewer 3: I hope final Desktop app 3.0 and iOS app 12.0 are available at the time of oCIS GA. 🤞

Author: > I hope final Desktop app 3.0 and iOS app 12.0 are available at the time of oCIS GA. crossed_fingers

Ok, we'll keep it vaguer and our fingers crossed!

* Desktop app version 2.11
* iOS app version 11.10
* Android app version 2.21

Spaces will work with the upcoming client versions:

* Desktop app 3.0
* iOS app 12.0

> * Android app 3.0

Reviewer 3: No Spaces and no TUS with the Android app 3.0 yet. No ETA yet.

Author: Okay, then we better omit Android here for now.
